# AMBCARE-SERVICE

AIM & OBJECTIVE 
In case of medical emergency, a patient requires three services. It includes ambulance service, quick reach towards needed medication as well as home assistance from medical professionals. This project aims to provide a single button solution to all these three problems.

INTRODUCTION 
Ambulances are vital tools in helping Emergency Medical Technicians and other trained first responders not only to swiftly arrive at an emergency situation but also provide measures that are potentially life-saving. Unfortunately, about thirty percent of deaths are caused due to delayed ambulance and medical care in our country. Moreover, even more deaths are caused due to lack of ambulance and medical services. It is very crucial to deliver medicines and medical assistance to patients on time. Any delay in this process may have results that could be fatal for the patients. Through AMBCARE we aim to find a total solution to these problems with a single click.

AMBCARE 
AMBCARE is an online application connecting various kinds of ambulance services to the very doorsteps of those in need of their service. AMBCARE connects local and global, private as well as public ambulances to a wide range of hospitals and clinics to a ready-to-buy audience. AMBCARE aims to provide its clients with the preferred type of ambulance, when they want it and where they want it and for what they want it for.
AMBCARE medicine delivery services provide doorstep delivery of medicine without any hassle of standing in a queue, this helps in saving time and money. AMBCARE provides 24/7 support with instant responses and live time position tracking of the respective service required. AMBCARE also assist needy with medical team at their doorstep on request.

HOW IT WORKS
With the current technological era where mostly everything runs on smart phones and applications, the need of quick and efficient services is important in every aspect, especially when it comes to medical services. It is rather hectic and confusing for patients to handle the locations and issues, and searching of ambulances and their availability due to its limited service in the time of emergencies. Such lack of attention and information could potentially lead to several casualties. The main question that arises is - where can the user find ways to check the availability of ambulance services in his or her vicinity and to find the user’s precise location in the quickest time. Thus, the ambulance driver has to provide proper information and location. So, neither the ambulance driver nor the user won’t get lost by searching either of them. The primary objective is to reduce the time taken for calling the unnecessary calls. This tool will to locate the clients with ease by using GPS signal. AMBCARE believes in making a difference and gives hope for the people in the time of emergencies.
